Add https://github.com/OpenDDS/OpenDDS/discussions/4853 to FAQ (#4857)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/devguide/faq.rst

:cfg:prop:`[transport@rtps_udp]max_message_size` must be configured to a value less than the MTU to account for additional overhead like IP, UDP, and various RTPS headers.
Setting this value will causes OpenDDS to fragment samples into fragments of the configured size for transport.

Second, configure :cfg:prop:`[transport@rtps_udp]send_buffer_size` and :cfg:prop:`[transport@rtps_udp]rcv_buffer_size` if send or receiving, respectively.
The default for these is typically 64KB.
They should be resized to accommodate at lease one sample if not more.

Third, make a decision on :ref:`qos-reliability`.
Reliability will causes readers to request missing samples and fragments of samples.
If using reliability, one should configure :cfg:prop:`[transport@rtps_udp]heartbeat_period`, :cfg:prop:`[transport@rtps_udp]nak_depth`, and :cfg:prop:`[transport@rtps_udp]nak_response_delay` based on the timing characteristics of the application.
For example, a video with 33 frames per second means that a heartbeat would need to be sent with a period much smaller than 30ms and there should be minimal nak response delay if any.

Fourth, consider the buffering performed by the operating system.

> For example, in Linux, it may be necessary to increase ``net.core.rmem_max``, ``net.core.rmem_default``, ``net.core.wmem_max``, and ``net.core.wmem_default`` using the ``sysctl`` command to values large enough to accomodate one or more samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in Linux, it may be necessary to increase ``net.core.rmem_max``, ``net.core.rmem_default``, ``net.core.wmem_max``, and ``net.core.wmem_default`` using the :manpage:`sysctl(8)` command to values large enough to accommodate one or more samples.
```
